BiGCZ GeoJSON files
====================================

* [IGSN samples GeoJSON:](https://github.com/emiliom/mapdata/blob/master/igsn_czoshalehills_validresp_fc.geojson)I've been examining the web service responses (when requesting by IGSN number) for the Shale Hills CZO IGSN's that Megan sent me a couple of weeks ago. We have a custom json structure we'll use to load these sites and some of the associated IGSN sample attributes on the visualization portal. I've already taken a subset of the Shale Hills IGSN's and processed them into that custom format. We will try to have that ready in our test/development version in time for the Thursday CZO webinar, in case you find it useful in your presentation. As I reported to you earlier, a little less than half of the ~1,700 IGSN's generated XML parsing errors with the standard Python XML parser I used, and my limited testing suggests that these are due to invalid (or not properly escaped) less-than and greater-than characters in the XML responses. So, I ignored those. Of the remaining ~950 IGSN's, ~400 had no latitude and longitude entries ("Not Provided"). In order to help me examine the IGSN samples, I first converted them into a standard "GeoJSON" structure, before converting and subsetting to what we'll use in the initial visualization portal test/pilot. In case you find it useful, I've loaded to my personal github repo the GeoJSON file of the ~550 IGSN's with lat & lon entries. Note that one  handy reason for doing this is that github provides native map rendering of geojson files, so you get a simple map visualization w/o doing any extra work (and the markers are clickable, so you can explore the attributes): https://github.com/emiliom/mapdata/blob/master/igsn_czoshalehills_validresp_fc.geojson  I don't intend to share this with anyone except you, and I'll probably delete this in a few weeks. You can also download the GeoJSON and easily open it in desktop GIS clients like QGIS.

* [MG-RAST metagenomic GeoJSON:](https://github.com/emiliom/mapdata/blob/master/mgrast_usa1_fc.geojson)
